The architecture explained in next generation DWH google cloud talk is really good and it helps in solving 
the performance,scalablity and operational maintenece issues.

What i liked the most in next generation dwh architecture: 

  1) The pyramid strucutre in maintaining the access controls and granularity.
  2) The Ingestion and transformation done for ETL/ELT process. 
  3) The Data governance and data model clearly explains how the data is stored and can be controlled.
  4) Usage of wrapper really helps in language portablity. 

What I think that can be added to improve?

  I think the Modern BI architecture will enhance most of the nuances and below are my suggestions.

  a) For streaming data it's better to bring a time series database as it will be an insert only process. 
  I suggest apache druid for the same because of its column oriented architecture and performance.
  It makes it a really good candidate as it improves the analytical capablities on streaming data.
  It also provides a direct connection for kafka topics and data can be written in a structured way into druid.

  2) For visualization i prefer Apache superset over metabase and tableau.
  It provides very rich visualization and is very easy to manage. The learning curve for the same 
  is very less and all kind of people (data analyst,scientist,BA) etc can easily adapt to it. 

  3) I prefer adding Apache Presto/Trino to the technical stack as gojek has a lot of data sources and presto will 
  really help in bringing a query layer on top of all the data sources together. There is no need to bring the data 
  into a single data lake/warehouse for querying purposes. It should really help the data engineers,scientists and BI.
  Apache presto can easily be queried using standard ANSI SQL and can easily be managed. 

  4) For database script maintenance, I prefer using Flyway which helps in better maintenance and reverting the database 
  to actual status in case of any DB issues. 

  5) I am not clear on how the deployments are managed. Jenkins can be brought here if it's not already there.